after this it happened that Absalom
after this it happened that Absalom provided himself with chariots and
provided himself with chariots and
provided himself with chariots and horses and fifty men to run before him
horses and fifty men to run before him
horses and fifty men to run before him our Absalom would rise early and stand
our Absalom would rise early and stand
our Absalom would rise early and stand beside the way to the gate so it was
beside the way to the gate so it was
beside the way to the gate so it was whenever anyone who had a lawsuit came
whenever anyone who had a lawsuit came
whenever anyone who had a lawsuit came to the king for a decision that Absalom
to the king for a decision that Absalom
to the king for a decision that Absalom would call to him and say what city are
would call to him and say what city are
would call to him and say what city are you from and he would say your servant
you from and he would say your servant
you from and he would say your servant is from such-and-such a tribe of Israel
is from such-and-such a tribe of Israel
is from such-and-such a tribe of Israel then Absalom would say to him look your
then Absalom would say to him look your
then Absalom would say to him look your case is good and right but there is no
case is good and right but there is no
case is good and right but there is no deputy of the King to hear you oh that I
deputy of the King to hear you oh that I
deputy of the King to hear you oh that I were made judge in the land and everyone
were made judge in the land and everyone
were made judge in the land and everyone who has any suit or cause would come to
who has any suit or cause would come to
who has any suit or cause would come to me then I would give him justice and so
me then I would give him justice and so
me then I would give him justice and so it was whenever anyone came near to bow
it was whenever anyone came near to bow
it was whenever anyone came near to bow down to him that he would put out his
down to him that he would put out his
down to him that he would put out his hand and take him and kiss him in this
hand and take him and kiss him in this
hand and take him and kiss him in this manner
manner
manner Absalom acted toward all Israel who came
Absalom acted toward all Israel who came
Absalom acted toward all Israel who came to the King for judgment
to the King for judgment
to the King for judgment so Absalom stole the hearts of the men
so Absalom stole the hearts of the men
so Absalom stole the hearts of the men of Israel now it came to pass after 40
of Israel now it came to pass after 40
of Israel now it came to pass after 40 years that Absalom said to the king
years that Absalom said to the king
years that Absalom said to the king please let me go to Hebron and pay the
please let me go to Hebron and pay the
please let me go to Hebron and pay the vow which I made to the Lord for your
vow which I made to the Lord for your
vow which I made to the Lord for your servant took a vow while I dwelt at
servant took a vow while I dwelt at
servant took a vow while I dwelt at keisha in Syria saying if the Lord
keisha in Syria saying if the Lord
keisha in Syria saying if the Lord indeed brings me back to Jerusalem then
indeed brings me back to Jerusalem then
indeed brings me back to Jerusalem then I will serve the Lord and the king said
I will serve the Lord and the king said
I will serve the Lord and the king said to him go in peace so he arose and went
to him go in peace so he arose and went
to him go in peace so he arose and went to Hebron then Absalom sent spies
to Hebron then Absalom sent spies
to Hebron then Absalom sent spies throughout all the tribes of Israel as
throughout all the tribes of Israel as
throughout all the tribes of Israel as soon as you hear the sound of the
soon as you hear the sound of the
soon as you hear the sound of the trumpet then you shall say Absalom
trumpet then you shall say Absalom
trumpet then you shall say Absalom reigns in Hebron and with Absalom went
reigns in Hebron and with Absalom went
reigns in Hebron and with Absalom went 200 men invited from Jerusalem and they
200 men invited from Jerusalem and they
200 men invited from Jerusalem and they went along innocently
went along innocently
went along innocently and did not know anything then absalom
and did not know anything then absalom
and did not know anything then absalom sent for a heifer fell the Guyler night
sent for a heifer fell the Guyler night
sent for a heifer fell the Guyler night david's counselor from his city from
david's counselor from his city from
david's counselor from his city from Guilin while he offered sacrifices and
Guilin while he offered sacrifices and
Guilin while he offered sacrifices and the conspiracy grew strong for the
the conspiracy grew strong for the
the conspiracy grew strong for the people with Absalom continually
people with Absalom continually
people with Absalom continually increased in number now a messenger came
increased in number now a messenger came
increased in number now a messenger came to David the hearts of the men of Israel
to David the hearts of the men of Israel
to David the hearts of the men of Israel are with Absalom so David said to all
are with Absalom so David said to all
are with Absalom so David said to all his servants who were with him at
his servants who were with him at
his servants who were with him at Jerusalem arise and let us flee or we
Jerusalem arise and let us flee or we
Jerusalem arise and let us flee or we shall not escape from Absalom make haste
shall not escape from Absalom make haste
shall not escape from Absalom make haste to depart lest he overtake us suddenly
to depart lest he overtake us suddenly
to depart lest he overtake us suddenly and bring disaster upon us and strike
and bring disaster upon us and strike
and bring disaster upon us and strike the city with the edge of the sword we
the city with the edge of the sword we
the city with the edge of the sword we are your servants ready to do whatever
are your servants ready to do whatever
are your servants ready to do whatever my lord the King commands then the King
my lord the King commands then the King
my lord the King commands then the King went out with all his household after
went out with all his household after
went out with all his household after him but the King left ten women
him but the King left ten women
him but the King left ten women concubines to keep the house and the
concubines to keep the house and the
concubines to keep the house and the king went out with all the people after
king went out with all the people after
king went out with all the people after him and stopped at the outskirts then
him and stopped at the outskirts then
him and stopped at the outskirts then all his servants passed before him and
all his servants passed before him and
all his servants passed before him and all the Kerith i'ts all the pilla fights
all the Kerith i'ts all the pilla fights
all the Kerith i'ts all the pilla fights and all the get heights six hundred men
and all the get heights six hundred men
and all the get heights six hundred men who had followed him from Gath passed
who had followed him from Gath passed
who had followed him from Gath passed before the king then the king said to it
before the king then the king said to it
before the king then the king said to it AI the gittite why are you also going
AI the gittite why are you also going
AI the gittite why are you also going with us return and remain with the King
with us return and remain with the King
with us return and remain with the King for you are a foreigner and also an
for you are a foreigner and also an
for you are a foreigner and also an exile from your own place in fact you
exile from your own place in fact you
exile from your own place in fact you came only yesterday should I make you
came only yesterday should I make you
came only yesterday should I make you wander up and down with us today since I
wander up and down with us today since I
wander up and down with us today since I go I know not where return and take your
go I know not where return and take your
go I know not where return and take your brethren back mercy and truth be with
brethren back mercy and truth be with
brethren back mercy and truth be with you
you
you as the Lord lives and as my lord the
as the Lord lives and as my lord the
as the Lord lives and as my lord the King lives
King lives
King lives surely in whatever place my lord the
surely in whatever place my lord the
surely in whatever place my lord the king shall be whether in death or life
king shall be whether in death or life
king shall be whether in death or life even there also your servant will be go
even there also your servant will be go
even there also your servant will be go and cross over then it aii the gittite
and cross over then it aii the gittite
and cross over then it aii the gittite and all his men and all the little ones
and all his men and all the little ones
and all his men and all the little ones who were with him crossed over and all
who were with him crossed over and all
who were with him crossed over and all the country wept with a loud voice and
the country wept with a loud voice and
the country wept with a loud voice and all the people crossed over the king
all the people crossed over the king
all the people crossed over the king himself also crossed over the brook
himself also crossed over the brook
himself also crossed over the brook kidron and all the people crossed over
kidron and all the people crossed over
kidron and all the people crossed over toward the way of the wilderness there
toward the way of the wilderness there
toward the way of the wilderness there was a deck also and all the Levites with
was a deck also and all the Levites with
was a deck also and all the Levites with him bearing the Ark of the Covenant of
him bearing the Ark of the Covenant of
him bearing the Ark of the Covenant of God and they set down the Ark of God and
God and they set down the Ark of God and
God and they set down the Ark of God and abathur went up until all the people had
abathur went up until all the people had
abathur went up until all the people had finished crossing over from the city
finished crossing over from the city
finished crossing over from the city then the king said to Zadok carry the
then the king said to Zadok carry the
then the king said to Zadok carry the Ark of God back into the city if I find
Ark of God back into the city if I find
Ark of God back into the city if I find favor in the eyes of the Lord he will
favor in the eyes of the Lord he will
favor in the eyes of the Lord he will bring me back and show me both it and
bring me back and show me both it and
bring me back and show me both it and his dwelling place but if he says thus I
his dwelling place but if he says thus I
his dwelling place but if he says thus I have no delight in you Here I am let him
have no delight in you Here I am let him
have no delight in you Here I am let him do to me as seems good to him are you
do to me as seems good to him are you
do to me as seems good to him are you not a seer return to the city in peace
not a seer return to the city in peace
not a seer return to the city in peace and your two sons with you or him as
and your two sons with you or him as
and your two sons with you or him as your son and Jonathan the son of our by
your son and Jonathan the son of our by
your son and Jonathan the son of our by earth are see I will wait in the plains
earth are see I will wait in the plains
earth are see I will wait in the plains of the wilderness until word comes from
of the wilderness until word comes from
of the wilderness until word comes from you to inform me
you to inform me
you to inform me therefore zadok and abiathar carried the
therefore zadok and abiathar carried the
therefore zadok and abiathar carried the Ark of God back to Jerusalem and they
Ark of God back to Jerusalem and they
Ark of God back to Jerusalem and they remained there so David went up by the
remained there so David went up by the
remained there so David went up by the ascent of the Mount of Olives and wept
ascent of the Mount of Olives and wept
ascent of the Mount of Olives and wept as he went up and he had his head
as he went up and he had his head
as he went up and he had his head covered and went barefoot and all the
covered and went barefoot and all the
covered and went barefoot and all the people who are with him covered their
people who are with him covered their
people who are with him covered their heads and went up weeping as they went
heads and went up weeping as they went
heads and went up weeping as they went up then someone told David a his evil is
up then someone told David a his evil is
up then someone told David a his evil is among the conspirators with Absalom oh
among the conspirators with Absalom oh
among the conspirators with Absalom oh Lord I pray turn the counsel of
Lord I pray turn the counsel of
Lord I pray turn the counsel of Ahithophel into foolishness now it
Ahithophel into foolishness now it
Ahithophel into foolishness now it happened when David had come to the top
happened when David had come to the top
happened when David had come to the top of the mountain where he worshiped God
of the mountain where he worshiped God
of the mountain where he worshiped God there was Hugh Shai the archite coming
there was Hugh Shai the archite coming
there was Hugh Shai the archite coming to meet him with his robe torn and dust
to meet him with his robe torn and dust
to meet him with his robe torn and dust on his head David said to him if you go
on his head David said to him if you go
on his head David said to him if you go on with me then you will become a burden
on with me then you will become a burden
on with me then you will become a burden to me but if you return to the city and
to me but if you return to the city and
to me but if you return to the city and say to Absalom I will be your servant O
say to Absalom I will be your servant O
say to Absalom I will be your servant O king as I was your father's servant
king as I was your father's servant
king as I was your father's servant previously so I will now be your servant
previously so I will now be your servant
previously so I will now be your servant then you may defeat the counsel of
then you may defeat the counsel of
then you may defeat the counsel of Ahithophel
Ahithophel
Ahithophel for me
for me
for me and do you not have say duck and a
and do you not have say duck and a
and do you not have say duck and a buyeth are the priests with you there
buyeth are the priests with you there
buyeth are the priests with you there therefore it will be that whatever you
therefore it will be that whatever you
therefore it will be that whatever you hear from the king's house you shall
hear from the king's house you shall
hear from the king's house you shall tell to zadok and abiathar the priests
tell to zadok and abiathar the priests
tell to zadok and abiathar the priests indeed they have there with them their
indeed they have there with them their
indeed they have there with them their two sons
two sons
two sons AHIMA as Zadok son and jonathan abaya
AHIMA as Zadok son and jonathan abaya
AHIMA as Zadok son and jonathan abaya thar's and son and by them you shall
thar's and son and by them you shall
thar's and son and by them you shall send me everything you hear
send me everything you hear
send me everything you hear so huge I David's friend went into the
so huge I David's friend went into the
so huge I David's friend went into the city and Absalom came into Jerusalem
city and Absalom came into Jerusalem
city and Absalom came into Jerusalem you